
            


    
                
                Extended Expiration Date
           
              03/31/2021 



        
            Profession
        
        
            Anesthesiologist Assistant
        

        
            License
        
        
            AA28
        

        
            
            
                
                License Status
            
            
                Retired/

            

        
            
License Expiration Date        
        
1/31/2021        
        

        
            
                License Original Issue Date
            
            
11/05/2008            

                    
                Address of Record
            
            
                No current practice location in Florida - If further information is needed, please contact the Department of Health at (850) 488-0595.
            
            
            
            
                
            
            
            
            
                
            
            
            
            
                
            
            
            
            
                
            

                            
                Discipline on File
            
            
                    No
            
                
                    
                    Public Complaint
                
                
                        No
                
                
    




    
        
            

                ×
                 Public Complaint Definition
            
            
                




    Public Complaint - A public complaint (administrative complaint) is not disciplinary action. It is a charging document that has not been proven. A public administrative complaint is the result of a complaint and the investigation of the allegation of a violation of the practice act that governs a health care profession. The administrative complaint lists the violations of law that were alleged after the investigation and review that resulted in a finding of probable cause.


    By law, the administrative complaint becomes public 10 days after a finding of probable cause or when the licensee waives the privilege of confidentiality. Every administrative complaint is reviewed by the appropriate licensing board, or the department if there is no board, as one step in the hearing process that provides the subject of the complaint with due process of law. Some public administrative complaints are dismissed at the hearing stage. Other administrative complaints result in disciplinary action imposed by a final order, which is reflected as a "YES" in the "Discipline on File" entry on the licensee verification screen.


    YES = A public administrative complaint in which discipline has been taken, or a public administrative complaint pending action by the board or department.


    NO = No public administrative complaint has been filed, or an administrative complaint was filed and later dismissed.


    The License Verification site will display a YES indicator for administrative complaints filed on or after November 1999. Public complaints filed prior to November 1999 are available by request from the Department.



            
            

            
        
    



    
        
            

                ×
                License Status Definitions
            
            
            
            

            
        
    



    
        
            

                ×
                Controlled Substance Prescriber Definition
            
            
                

    
        Controlled Substance Prescriber - In accordance with s. 456.44, Florida Statutes, a physician licensed under chapter 458, chapter 459, chapter 461, or chapter 466, a physician assistant licensed under chapter 458 or chapter 459, or an advanced practice registered nurse licensed under part I of chapter 464 who prescribes any controlled substance, listed in Schedule II, Schedule III, or Schedule IV as defined in s. 893.03, for the treatment of chronic nonmalignant pain, must designate himself or herself as a controlled substance prescribing practitioner on his or her practitioner profile.
    

            
            

            
        
    



    
        
            

                ×
                Authorized to Order Definition
            
            
                


    In accordance with s. 381.986, Florida Statutes, a physician who meets certain requirements is authorized to order low-THC cannabis to treat a qualified patient suffering from cancer or a physical medical condition that chronically produces symptoms of seizures or severe and persistent muscle spasms; order low-THC cannabis to alleviate symptoms of such disease, disorder, or condition, if no other satisfactory alternative treatment options exist for the qualified patient; order medical cannabis to treat an eligible patient as defined in s. 499.0295; or order a cannabis delivery device for the medical use of low-THC cannabis or medical cannabis.

            
            

            
        
    



    
        
            

                ×
                Multistate and Single-state license Definition
            
            
                


    "Multistate license" means a license issued by the Florida Department of Health to practice as a registered nurse (RN) or a licensed practical nurse (LPN) in all Nurse Licensure Compact states under a multi-state licensure privilege.



    "Single-state license" means a license issued by the Florida Department of Health to practice as a registered nurse (RN) or a licensed practical nurse (LPN) within the state of Florida and which does not include a multi-state licensure privilege to practice in any other Nurse Licensure Compact state.

            
            

            
        
    

        